Ready to start
To be honest, I really didn't think much of you at first
I thought you were running away begging for food
Hey, I'm really sorry.
But with you
Vision and experience
It doesn't fit your clothes at all, does it?
I'll ask the kitchen to fry two dishes
Don't go at noon, don't don't don't don't don't
Brother, don't be busy, don't be busy
Doctor, I've been out for too long, I have to hurry home
You're all gone
I still have something on my mind
Something will happen next time
All right
If you need me in the future, just ask me
Okay, thank you, okay, okay
And a fucking cold and laxatives
I don't show my power
You really don't know that Lord Ma has three eyes?
Just because you dare to send Wang De away with me?
Let him eat all the newly ordered dishes by himself
Yo
Wonderful, as expected of a master
Come come come come
Wang Defa
Wait for Brother Ning to come back
You will pay for what you did
Haha come back
Li Xiaolin, think about it
But in front of the universe he is a fly
You can crush him casually
But now I hope Li Xiaoning will come back soon.
When he comes back, someone will accompany you
Why don't we pray to God?
How about letting Li Xiaoding come back quickly?
Masters don't have to be online
Does my phone have water?
If you kill him, who will serve us?